1. What do I want to learn or understand better?

Well the project and programming part of the course has now been completed. Earlier this week we did have a presenation of our work so I would like to learn
how to prepare and deliver a great project presentation of diffrent software and hardware that I have developed with a team.
I think this is something that is very useful for later work-life so learning and devloping my presentation skills and just understanding how to structure a presentation
is very intresting to me. When it comes to the report we have been giving the structure of [A] , [B], [A] -> [B] Im intrested in utilizing this and writing a report.

2. How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

As usual I can be present and ready to help and give advice to the entire team. Im not an expert at everything but I will do my best to support my team and come with
ideas for progressing and learning new things.

3. What is my contribution towards the team's application of scrum?

Same as last week. Being active and working in a group and finializing everything for the project.


4. What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

Since this is my last self reflection week I will be doing a bigger summarization of the entire project and what I think about everything. You could call it an reflection..

This course has been really fun for me. I have noticed that the courses that I find most intresting and fun is the project courses where I with others in a team develope
a bigger application or something after either a request from the course or by comming up with an ideé myself. Our ideé was pretty good one and I think that we did 
deliver a decent application. Of course it was not what we had in mind in the beginning and its always sad when you have unfinished tools or ideés that you can finish. 
I think our scope was a bit to big and we did some misstakes in the begninng by writing code that later we realized we never even used or mostly was changed and maybe 
could have been done correctly right away and therefore saving time that could have been used to finish the things we didnt have time to this time. Well in the end
while we didnt do everyhing perfect we have learnt a lot that we can use in later projects which is great. 

When it comes to my personal contribution I think have done well. I had another course during this reading period that was very difficult so I couldn't spend as much
time as I wanted to on this course. But I did work and build the server with Tor with all the tables, inserts, triggers etc which let me work with SQL again and postgres
which has been great. I also added some functionality to the application using javaFX and Scenebuilder which I hadnt worked with before. I also learnt again how to combine
SQL with Java and an application. My contribution to the other things like reflections etc has been so and so. I did all the self reflections and I helped and talked to 
the team when it came to the team reflections. It has been a good experience with the team and I have enjoyed this course overall. I will take everything I have learnt
and process it and use it for later courses. 
