1.	
During this project I have had a few learning goals. My goal during the first weeks was to better understand the agile process 
by being at the first lectures and reading slides and finding information online. Because of this and the experience I have gained 
during the project by trial, error and then improving I feel like I have a good understanding of the agile process. 
Another goal I had at the beginning was to learn more about GitHub and by reading tutorials and experience I now have a better understanding 
of how GitHub and its features work. The last goal I had was to learn about JavaFX and Scenebuilder. 
By watching tutorials, I could help the team and participate when we worked together to improve design and work on the GUI. 
Since a lot of the work I did was on the database I didn’t get as much practical experience with JavaFX and Scenebuilder as I maybe would have liked to.

For future projects I could do better by trying to work on more sections of the project, as long as it doesn’t affect the workflow. 

To be able to work on different sections of the project I want to work on and gain a better knowledge and more experience of something new, 
I could be more vocal about what I want to work on or offer to work with someone on a section.

2.	
I have tried to listen and look to see if anyone has needed help during the project. If I have had an idea to improve our application 
or our use of the agile process, I have brought this up during our daily meetings. When I have learned something new or have had prior knowledge 
that I have thought could benefit the team or a member of the team in some way I have explained this during a daily meeting. 
An example is when I learned more about GitHub and specifically branches, I spoke about it with the team and made sure everyone understood.

For future projects I would like to get better at asking for help when I feel like I need it. And while I think I have been good 
at sharing experiences and knowledge that I have had with the team I could probably be better at asking the others in the team 
if they need help more often. Everyone might not ask for help even if they need it.

To improve on these two points for any future projects I could ask the team at every scrum meeting if anyone needs help 
with what they are working on or if they need ideas on how to solve a problem. I should also take a minute to think about if I need 
help with something or think someone else in the team can help me understand something better.

3.	
During the project I have participated in all of our daily scrum meetings and have tried to be active during all of the discussions we have had. 
I have filled in my KPI:s daily and have used the scrum board on Trello to update the team on my progress and what I’m working on 
and stay up to date on what the rest of the team is working on.

Something I can improve on for future projects is to keep a closer eye on the KPI:s of the other team members to notice if someone is stressed 
or there is a problem with communication for example. Another thing I can improve on is using the scrum board, 
whether it is Trello or something else, even more. I realised sometimes that I didn’t mark the user story I was working on. 
Even if everyone knew what I was working on because of our daily meetings, it would be even clearer if everything on the scrum board is up to date as well.

What I can do better during the next project is just to try and be even more active on the scrum board and keep a better check on the other team members KPI:s.

4.	
I was active while discussing ideas for our project and finalising the final idea with design etc. I helped set up our scrum board on Trello. 
I worked on the social contract, definition of done and our KPI:s. I also worked on completing some of our user stories with acceptance criteria’s and tasks. 
I have participated in the writing of our team reflections. I have worked on the database by writing code and pair programming. 
I have worked on the GUI mostly by pair programming and helping and coming up with ideas for the visual aspects. This week specifically I participated 
in the discussions related to our presentation, the planning of writing the final report and commenting and cleaning up in the code with the team.

For future projects I would like to manage my time better and push for a more structured project/code from the start, so it is easier for everyone 
to participate in the development. The combination of at times having a lot of work in the other course and a project structure that 
could have been better has caused me to not be as effective as I would’ve liked. If the project/code structure was better and I had managed my time better, 
I feel like I could’ve done more during the project. 

For the next project I will push for a better structure so that it is easier for everyone to find something to work on. 
I will also take more time planning my schedule so that I can do more work and work more efficiently.
